Docs concepts restructure (#2587)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/self-managed/identity/user-guide/roles/add-assign-role.md

description: "Use Identity to create a role and assign a role to a user."
---

> To use [Identity](/self-managed/identity/what-is-identity.md), an account is required. We refer to this account as a user. Access to the components within the stack can be controlled by the roles assigned to a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use [Identity](/self-managed/identity/what-is-identity.md), an account is required. We refer to this account as a user. Access to the components within Camunda 8 can be controlled by the roles assigned to a user.
```
